All right, guys, we're gonna go
ahead and jump in and get started.
Um, it's great to see each
one of you excited to be back.
I know last week we had what we
called our serve Sunday, which was
we were gonna serve our own community
and have people in community groups.
And I think majority of people were
out of town or did not attend that.
So that was not a huge.
Win.
But we had a huge win by
the group that we had.
I know they had a wonderful time.
I got a lot of good feedback,
so glad that they got to meet.
I know our kids did.
We had, um, kids, uh, at kids camp last
weekend and they had an amazing time.
So we had an awesome time, but after two
weeks Subaru pump to be back here today,
as we start again, our new series over
our mission and our strategy as a church.
And so we're gonna be in Matthew
chapter four versus 18 through 20.
And so, um, I, I wanna remind
you of this, cuz we're gonna talk
about this every single week.
Why number one, why are we
starting this new series?
Well, it's been about a little over a
year since we've really even talked a lot
about this and who we are as a church.
And I think it's important because,
you know, as a church we've been
launched for a little over a year and
a half and, and we have those who are,
have been here since the beginning.
And we have some of you that are newer
and, and my encouragement over this next
several weeks is to, to start engaging.
What I would say those who are newer
to be more involved in what God is
doing here, and then to be a part of
inviting, including all of us, inviting
more people into what we're doing.
So the best way to be a part of that
is to know what you're being a part of.
Number two is to, um, what I would say is.
Just almost like, I need to
remember things at times.
So I need to kind of like go back over
it and go know who are we as a church
and why are we doing these things?
And so I feel like it's just
gonna be a good refresher for
every one of us, including myself.
So I'm, I'm pumped about
walking through this series.
I hope you are.
Um, and so that's why I encourage
a couple weeks ago is don't
miss the next several weeks.
As we walk through this and hope
that your take notes or take
something that you can take from
this, and it'd be of value to you.
But we are a church that
exists to inspire hope.
And I always tell people this
question, how do you inspire hope?
The only way you'll ever inspire
hope is to be inspired yourself.
Um, when we inspire hope to help
people discover their purpose,
we believe that God has given
every single person in this world.
And let's just narrow this
down to inspiring hope.
Everybody in here has
been given a purpose from.
To be discovered through
a relationship with him.
And so again, in order to be able to
inspire others, we have to start there.
And I think at times, um, anybody ever
heard this statement before we get
the cart before the horse, I think at
times we try to attempt to do something
before we're even understanding what
we're doing or like even ready to do.
And so.
I hope today that as those, if there's
somebody in this room that hasn't
given their lives to Christ that
maybe that's a starting point for you.
And if you have given your life
to Christ, then the next starting
point for you is helping inspire
others to discover that same hope.
In that.
And so our strategy, I mentioned this
earlier, but our strategy is to follow
Jesus, live in communities, serve those
around us and expand God's kingdom.
If you're wondering where that is,
we put this up here every week to
kind of remind us what our strategy
is, uh, each and every week.
And so today we're gonna talk about that
first part, which is following Jesus.
I want just to remind you this, everything
we do as a church is about helping
others follow Jesus, everything we.
And if it isn't, then we're
probably doing something.
and so, so that's just even a reminder
to me to evaluate everything we do
is to teach you, to teach myself,
to follow Jesus more and more.
Right.
And I think that's what we
should be motivated to do and
dedicated to do as a church.
And that's why I wanted
to choose this text.
As we are looking at this today.
And we're gonna walk through it and we're
gonna learn what it means to follow Jesus.
And we're gonna talk about what
it looks like to follow Jesus.
And so let me read the text and
then I'm gonna kind of set it up.
So again, Matthew chapter four
versus 18 through 22, and it says
this, as he speaking to Jesus was
walking along the sea of Galilee.
He saw two brothers Simon who
was called Peter and his brother,
Andrew, who was casting Annette into
the sea for, they were fishermen.
He said, follow me.
He told them, and I will
make you fish for people.
And immediately they left their
nets and followed them going on.
From there, he saw two others or two
other brothers, James and the son
of Zebedee and his brother, John.
They were in the boat with Zebedee,
their father preparing their nets
and he called them immediately.
They left their boat.
And their father and they followed them.
So let's pray, Lord Jesus.
We just pray Lord that you open our
hearts and minds to your word today.
Lord, I pray that you change me, that
you change each person in this room, Lord
in, in a way that is, uh, where we grow
closer and closer to you and we learn
more and more how to follow you, Lord,
the way you've called us to follow you.
And so we just pray this near heaven name.
So the first thing I wanna do
is kind of set up this text.
Where is Jesus coming from?
Well, Jesus, um, actually, there's,
Matthew's kind of quick with this.
He was born, John, the Baptist was born.
All of a sudden they meet up whenever
he's older, he gets baptized by
John the Baptist and he comes up
out of the water and he's sent
into the wilderness for 40 days.
Right.
He fasted for 40 days and 40 nights.
He was tempted by the enemy and
he rejected all those temptations.
And this is right after that, right.
When his ministry begins.
And this is the, the verse right
before the verse that we just read
that it says, it says, and from then
on Jesus begin to preach repent because
the kingdom of heaven has come near.
So Jesus' ministry has just started.
And one of the coolest parts of Jesus'
ministry is he didn't wanna do it.
see Jesus had the power and the ability
to accomplish the mission, which is to
help other people discover who Jesus is
and why he came and why he had to die.
And that he was there
to pay for their sins.
And to give them a relationship with God.
Again, Jesus could have done that all
on his home, but he said, you know what?
. I want some people to come alongside
me and, and accomplish this
mission and, and, and interesting.
He starts with these fishermen
as he begins to walk by.
Right.
And as he begins to, to, to look at this.
And so his mission was to bring hope
of the gospel to everyone, right.
To, and then include other people
to help them fulfill their purpose.
So, so true or false.
I wanna ask this question true or false.
Everyone who gives their
life to Jesus right?
Or follows Jesus is called to
help fulfill the mission to share
the hope of Jesus with the world.
Is that true or false?
I'd hope you say it's true.
Right?
Anybody that's given their life to
Jesus is part of helping fulfill
the mission that Jesus came to
fulfill, which is to help other
people discover the hope of Jesus.
Right.
So it kind of goes back to
this idea of why we are.
here to inspire hope to, to be inspired
ourselves, to follow Jesus, right.
And to help other people follow
Jesus is because that's just
what everybody's called to do.
And this is where we begin to
see Jesus calling the first
couple of people to do that.
So we're gonna kind of
expand on this idea.
So the first thing that we're gonna
see here, and this is, I, I didn't
initially have this in my notes, but
I went back over and I saw this and I
thought, I thought it was really cool.
The first thing that we see in
this text is that God sees us.
So look at it, it says this, and I'm gonna
kinda, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
take both of these two stories, right.
Of him, uh, calling both of these
two brothers, we're gonna kind
of walk through them together.
So in verses 18 and 21, it basically
says this as he, Jesus was walking along
the sea of Galilee, he saw two brothers.
Right?
And let me read verse 21.
He says going on from there,
he saw two other brothers.
See, in this story, Jesus saw people.
He was always looking for people.
He was always caring for people.
He was always compassionate to people.
And in this instance, he was looking
for people to join him on the mission,
to help other people discover who
Jesus is, the hope of the gospel.
And I started thinking this
hasn't stopped today every day.
Jesus sees you.
And that may seem eerie because
y'all know we end up in the
bathroom and in the shower and
we're like, Jesus sees us right now.
This is a little bit awkward, but
it's nothing he ain't seen before.
Right.
But the point is that he always sees
us and he has not stopped looking
for people to join his mission.
I, I got, I got another question for you.
Anybody here, like being a part of
something that's bigger than yourself.
Like, that's so cool that, you know, can't
be accomplished by yourself, but that you
get to be part of something bigger guys.
That's what Jesus has invited us into
to be a part of this big mission, to
all these billions of people around the
world, to help them in their time of need,
where, where they struggle with having
hope when they struggle with having a
purpose, when they struggle with figuring
out why they were ex were basically born.
We are part of that mission.
And Jesus sees us where we are.
So it was interesting and I'll
just kinda start this way.
I was, I was having students stand up and
teachers and staff and administrators,
and I felt like, I think the majority
of like our church is somehow kids
were involved in that somewhere.
Right.
Not majority, but me at least half.
So God sees students and teachers,
he sees contractors and welders and
principals and stay-at-home moms,
and he sees these fishermen, right.
Fishermen, what's the big deal.
Like you think Jesus was walking along
San, they're pretty qualified for this.
I'm pretty sure they're gonna do great.
Um, and, and as you, a lot of times know,
is these guys struggle to catch fish?
If they can't even do very well
with the own job they have,
how well are they gonna be?
But Jesus didn't care.
And that's what I love about this picture.
They weren't special.
These fishermen, they weren't qualified.
They weren't scholars.
They were normal everyday people who
here feels like you're just a normal
everyday person, nothing special.
Maybe you do feel really special.
I feel just pretty normal.
I mean, I don't think I'm just
this great, wonderful person.
That's just, you know, the president
of the United States, like,
eh, I'm not a big deal, right?
That's not me.
So I'm just a normal person.
Just like them.
They were in the middle of their day.
Busy doing work.
See every day.
I mean, we we've talked about this before.
Are you busy?
I'm busy.
Anybody busy here?
I think I need more time to be busier.
So we're busy in the middle of our
day, just like these fishermen were.
And we also see that Jesus
sees us on our condition.
So these men, you know, again, they could
have been defeated if they weren't getting
any good fish, but I know this Jesus
season our condition when we're broken.
When we're confident, right?
When we're busy and confused and
when things are going well, Jesus
sees us in our good conditions
and in our bad days, right.
In our good days and our bad days.
And I just started sitting here thinking
this, Jesus sees us all the time.
He's not surprised by our condition,
our thoughts or our actions, or our
struggles and Jesus still desires
to use us despite those things.
So then I even started thinking
this, do you ever struggle?
So, you know, maybe just like me,
that Jesus sees you and desires for
you to be a part of the mission,
but you ever struggle with feeling
qualified that you're good enough that
you're ever gonna do anything right.
That you're ever gonna be.
You know, this person that God could
really use, you know, that if you're
ever gonna just become the person
that you know, is the, the great
scholar, the person that just knows
everything's knowledge about everything.
Even as a pastor, I struggle with that.
So maybe, maybe you do Jesus.
Says that you're enough
to come as you are.
And I, I wanna remind you of something
if you, that maybe is you wanna
remind you of this over and over
again, the Bible reminds us that
we are God's greatest creation.
If you're God's greatest creation and
God sees you, and he wants you to be
a part of the mission, any of those
doubts, any of those fears, any of
those struggles that you have should
be washed away because how God sees me
is way more important than how I see.
I need you to hear that again,
the way God sees you is way more
important than how you see yourself.
I am my own worst critic I am.
And so we need to be reminded of
this, that we are God's greatest
creation and God sees us as that way.
We are his workmanship created
in Christ Jesus for good works.
We are fearfully and wonderfully made.
God loves his own children, us.
Like we love our own children.
God never requires perfection
from us to be used.
And I love those statements.
And this is why you, how do I get
this out of Jesus saw these fishermen
because it just reminded me that Jesus
sees us, despite what we bring to the
table, how confident we feel, what
good we bring, God still sees us.
Jesus still sees us.
So God loves us to spot
any of the downfalls.
We.
He still desires to accomplish
his purpose through us.
He desires to use all of us.
So Jesus is still walking around,
looking at each one of us today.
So I wanna start there.
Jesus is looking today at you and
he's gonna extend the same call
that he extended these fishermen.
And that's what we see
in this next section.
So one, God sees you,
number two, God calls us.
So verse 19 part of 19 and 21, it says.
It says, um, I'm gonna
try to find 19 here.
He basically, Jesus says to follow me.
He told them, and then we see
also at the back end of 21, it
says that Jesus called them.
So he called them to follow him.
Jesus.
So in this story, it's very clear that
we see Simon and Peter or Simon, Peter
and Andrew, and their specific call
right come and I'll make you fishers of.
The next one, we really
didn't kind of see that.
Clearly.
He just says he called them and
they, they went and we can assume
the same type of call in this
it's kind of grouped together.
So we're gonna kind of group it
as that same way as that God has
called them in this same, same
way, but what was their call?
Their call was to follow Jesus.
And so I wanna always love
extending this to you.
That's a simple term.
Jesus has called each one of us to follow.
Based upon your life?
Examples.
What does it look like to follow Jesus?
I'm ex I'm actually asking.
So this is give me an answer.
What does it look like to follow
Jesus based upon your life?
To read to know more about him to,
to build a relationship with him.
Good.
What else to serve others?
To tell others.
Yeah.
What else?
Prayer.
Yes.
Anything else?
What does it look like to follow Jesus?
What does it mean to follow Jesus?
So those are all great things.
I just wanted give somebody another
opportunity to share it right.
As we look at what it means
to follow Jesus you're right.
Those things are all of those things
included and there's so many more, right.
We don't even have to compartmentalize
them into even just those
individual things, but really
following Jesus is an everyday.
Decision.
It's an everyday decision to know
more about him and how to follow him.
And Jesus does a great job all
throughout the new Testament,
um, to tell us how to follow him.
But I just wanna start with this.
Let's start with the word, uh, follow.
What does it mean to follow is
to, to guide or to engage in a
calling or way of life to follow
is to model or learn after someone?
I would think of it this way to
follow as like apprenticeship, anybody
ever been in an apprenticeship.
I, I mean, I, I, I've seen people
in apprenticeship role, typically,
Doug, I think people are even
new to your company lately.
And they've been like following you around
and figuring out what you're doing, right.
That basically in apprenticeship
role, all they're doing is they're
watching and they're learning,
they're asking questions.
And then at some point that
apprenticeship role, there's a point
where it says, okay, now you try.
And we see this again in the due
Testament where the disciples begin
to follow Jesus and try on their own.
And they, they made some mistake.
But ultimately Jesus was not only
preparing these disciples and they're
calling for Jesus being there with
him, but for when he would leave.
And when he left, did the disciples
fulfill their calling perfectly anybody?
No, they, they didn't,
they made mistakes too.
So at times we look at this and we say,
okay, God has called us, but man, I'm
gonna struggle to fulfill it to a perfect,
well, no, he didn't call perfect people.
We know we'll not follow Jesus.
Perfect.
But to follow obviously is
like apprenticeship, right?
But Jesus called these four men to
follow him and to follow Jesus is more
than a confession of faith in who he is.
It's a life we choose to live
that emulates the life of Jesus.
And this is so important calling us away
from our former life and into a new life.
When we give our lives to Jesus.
it means we leave our old life behind.
And so what I mean by that is it
doesn't mean you quit every job.
You're a part of, and every group
you're a part of, and you, you go
just be with Jesus, even though this
is what these guys did to follow
Jesus is, is a change of mind.
It's a change of life.
And the fact of the way in what
you're committed to it's that you're
committed more to God's work than you
are to your own personal gain or work.
And we see this with these men
whenever they stepped away from.
Their livelihood of fishing, right.
And their family.
So these disciples who had
chosen to follow Jesus had
to make that decision, right.
That they were going to follow Jesus.
And I thought one of the most
interesting things with this, when
we look at what they left, they left
the only thing that they knew, cuz
they were fishermen, they left family.
And, and one of the things that
I struggle with the most, they
left any sort of plan behind them.
See, I love planning
anybody like planning.
My wife really loves planning.
She gets a planner every year and
she writes it all out and see,
I like planning too, but I've
learned that to follow Jesus.
My plans are, aren't a part of it.
It's his plans, which means I I've.
I am telling you, I am not living
the life that I had planned
before I gave my life to Jesus.
My life is totally different
and it took a lot of unknowns.
It took a lot of faith.
It took a lot of security
that had to let go and.
and this is the same thing that
we see these disciples doing.
So God called them, right.
God sees us, God calls us.
And the cool part with this.
God, doesn't just call us to a task.
He equips us for a task.
So this is the great
thing you may be fearful.
You may have given your life to Jesus.
And you're like, okay, great.
I'm a father of Jesus.
My life is secure.
I'm going to heaven, praise God.
And I think we should praise
God forth that in that moment.
We realized now that we have
given our lives to Jesus.
Now God has called us to a task.
What's that?
To discover our purpose in life?
Well, what was these men's purpose?
It says, he says, follow me.
He told them, and I will
make you fishers of people.
God will make you, he will equip you
into becoming what God has called you to.
To do what to follow him, to
follow after him, to follow in his
footsteps, to live the life that
he now lives in you on this earth.
I think one of the coolest
parts is Jesus could have chose.
Now you may say, ah, He had to
die and, and, and, you know,
he had to go back to heaven.
Well, he could have chose to die, be
resurrected and just stay with us.
But then we would all just
fall this crowd of Jesus and
there wouldn't be enough room.
Jesus said the greatest thing that I could
do was actually leave this earth and leave
the holy spirit inside of each one of us.
So picture this, and this is guys, I
want us to get this to follow Jesus.
When you accept Christ Jesus
now lives inside of you.
And now if we think is the way I'm
living, the way that Jesus would
live, if he was on earth today, that's
a tough question because if Jesus
truly lives inside of us, we would be
living the way of Jesus, because we
are now his fleshly example on earth.
And I'll even say that challenges the
heck outta me, because Jesus was perfect.
Right.
So what I would say though,
is don't let that burden.
because it's not up to
you to fulfill the call.
That God's gift you.
Why?
Because he says, I will
make you into fishers.
I will equip you.
So Jesus desires for us to
be fishers of men and women.
Right?
What does this truly mean?
Once we realize, and this is so
important guys, once we realize what
we have in a relationship with Jesus,
Through a relationship with Jesus,
we can't help, but invite others to
experience that relationship with Jesus.
If you've truly been changed by Jesus,
it has changed you enough, that there
are people around you that need to hear
that same thing that need to experience
the, the serving that Jesus did.
The compassion that Jesus gave
the love guys, that's difficult.
I'm just telling you truth.
Be told.
I struggle to be like Jesus, and I'm
still seeking to learn more and more
and try to surrender to that as.
but if God has so changed my life and
he's been willing to do that for me,
isn't that enough for others around me.
So I know this is gonna land horrible
because all of my great examples,
land horrible, but you will relate
if you've been around Hamilton guys.
Now that I've experienced
flubs, I send everybody there.
Every mission Dean that comes
in, they go there six times.
Why that this great ice cream
and I don't hesitate to share it.
And I think my sister and
brother-in-law went there three times.
Right.
And they've been here four days.
I mean, like, they love it.
Why did I tell them?
Because ice cream changed my life.
I mean, that sounds stupid, but it
was simple because I enjoy ice cream.
Why isn't Jesus?
That same way.
Jesus has changed my life.
Way more than ice cream,
way more than ice cream.
But at times I struggle to follow
Jesus the way that Jesus has
called and equipped me to why.
Why typically it's because
in the following of Jesus,
we forget what Jesus modeled.
We begin to get distracted
from what Jesus modeled.
We begin to let our selfish
desires get in front of what Jesus.
Had called us to do, and we go back
to, when we try to go to what, what I
would say is the minimum requirement,
anybody ever done something like
we're at the end of a school year, all
you had to make was a 56 on a final.
And you're like, I'm not
gonna study for this thing.
It's gonna be easy.
You do the minimum requirement.
I think as followers of Jesus, when we've
given our life to Jesus and we know our
eternity secured, we're like, what's the
minimum we get by to make sure that we
still look like we're followers of Jesus.
Is that not true?
I mean, I am I hanging out here alone?
I don't think I am, but if I am Lord,
forgive me, I may be the only one, but
at times we like the minimum requirement.
What does it mean to follow Jesus?
Well, I gave my life to him.
I, I confessed my sins once.
I would say this following
Jesus, and this is so important.
And, and we learned this from the
missions pastor a couple weeks ago
when he preached Luke 9 23 says to pick
up our cross daily and follow Jesus.
That means we are constantly,
constantly choosing every day to
follow him, choosing to look at his
footsteps and say, you know what?
Sometimes those are, those are
difficult, but God says he will make
me into what he has called me to do.
And again, the biggest picture here
is that God has called them to Fisher.
This man, everything which
we do is, is a light.
So you may be this well,
I'm not an evangelist.
These guys weren't, they were fishermen.
They were fishermen, their
lives, emulated Christ.
And that is what would draw people.
They obviously told people about
Jesus as well, but when he talks
about God will make us, how will
God make us into these Fisher's men?
Or how will God make us
into a life after Jesus?
Well, we have to look at
Jesus' example, right?
We talked about spending time with
Jesus, but who was Jesus Jesus'
example was he healed people.
He forgave people.
He served people.
He loved, he had compassion.
He gave everything to fulfill his mission.
He consistently had a
relationship with his father.
And guess if that that's not the
greatest picture to look at, if
Jesus needed time alone with his
own father and him being Jesus.
Don't we need that same time in order
to, to be reminded of who Jesus is.
I know this, I faced so many
obstacles in my own life.
And when I started thinking back this
week and I started thinking if I did
not have Jesus who worked in me and
threw me because he's the one that
equipped me, I would've failed miserably.
But the only reason why I stand here
today, sometimes I feel like limping,
but I'm here today is because Jesus made.
Because Jesus equipped me for the work.
Not because I'm special.
I didn't bring anything but
trust and faith in the Lord
and following him every day.
And that's what he was telling
these fishermen, come follow me.
And I will give you a new purpose to
help change the lives of so many people.
All you have to bring is faith.
So God is inviting every single
one of us into this, not just into
giving our lives to Christ through.
One time decision, but a
daily walk with the Lord.
So God sees us, God
calls us God equips us.
And I love this last part.
You may not see this, but I saw this
and maybe it was just my own story.
I believe ultimately God inspires us.
Right?
Let's look at verses 20 and 22
after Jesus makes this call to
follow him, to make fishers of men.
This is what both of the men do.
It says immediately they left
their nets and followed him.
And then we see in verse 22
immediately, they left their boat and
their father and they followed him.
I just, I would, I would
just tell you this.
If somebody gave me a free vacation,
it's not hard for me to be convinced
to go, but when somebody calls me to
follow after Jesus, What is it that
that gives me like, oh man, I really
wanna fall after Jesus and change lives.
And what is it?
It's the inspiring idea that God
has done so much for me and you, God
has done so much to give us life.
Do you, I mean, forget
salvation right now.
And I know you're gonna
say I'm crazy here.
Forget salvation.
If you haven't given your life to Jesus
and you have breath in your lungs,
do you know that God gave you that?
He even gave you like salvation.
If you haven't given your life
to Christ, he gave you that.
So if you can't even take
salvation and you're just saying,
God, didn't gimme anything.
God gave you life.
Like God's done so much for us.
And then he's gonna come
and say, Hey, you know what?
I gave you life.
And the relationship that we had
at one time is broken, but I'm not
gonna leaving you in that condition.
I'm gonna send Jesus to save.
And to follow after and to help
you become the person that God has
called you to be, that is, oh man.
Like what God has done for me inspires me.
And this is why I use that word inspires
because if God doesn't inspire us, which
means he doesn't come and live inside
of us, if he doesn't change us, we will
never, we will never inspire someone else.
Never.
We'll never inspire someone
else to follow Jesus if we
haven't been inspired ourselves.
So we see that they were willing
to give up everything because
they were so inspired by, by
the story of, of Jesus's call.
And you may say, well,
they don't know much.
He doesn't know much about Jesus.
These guys at some point had
to have heard about Jesus.
We don't fully know all the whole story,
but they had is at some point know about.
So that was challenging.
So again, the word inspires
to draw out of someone.
What is deep down inside.
I believe every day we are trying to
shine the light of Jesus to people
around us so that they will see that they
have something missing in their life.
They will see that deep down inside
God desires a relationship with them.
And so as we follow Jesus, we see
everything he went through to give us the
hope and we respond by being inspired.
An example, these
fishermen left everything.
So here's a couple of takeaways.
I, I kind of mentioned earlier, but
I think it's worth mentioning before
we, we, we finish up today after
they immediately left, I started
thinking, but why didn't they ask
Jesus this, Hey Jesus, what's the plan.
Can you give me the calendar of the dates
that you know, I'm gonna be out of town
so I can tell my wife or my dad so that
they can get us up for my fishing team.
Nope.
We don't see that in here.
He didn't say they didn't say, Hey,
is my, my health gonna be okay.
And how are we gonna pay for this a.
And am I gonna be okay?
They didn't ask that question either,
but he did promise to give them
everything they needed to be successful
in their calls as fishermen of men.
And you maybe see everything.
Yeah.
Because Jesus says, I
will make you into this.
They took Jesus at his word.
And I think it's time for all
of us to think through that.
Are we willing to take Jesus at his.
Because if we're in his word,
his word consistently says that
he has given us everything.
We need to fulfill the call in our
life to be forgiven of our sins,
to help other people discover hope
in Jesus, to go and live inspired,
to go be the light of Christ.
He has given us everything.
And if we'll wake up every day and claim
that truth, we will be just like these.
We'll leave our jobs.
At times, we'll leave comfort, we'll
leave health, we'll leave family.
We'll do whatever it takes so that
somebody else can experience who Jesus is.
I've seen way too many lives change
in this church to be looking at
this and going, you know what?
It's not worth it.
And, and I would just say
this to experience life change
because of following Jesus
will help spur you on to keep.
God has called us to keep going.
I started thinking about this and I'm
gonna, I'm gonna kind of finish before I
go into conclusion, but I wanna, I wanna
mention this, my story, my call, I gave
my life to Christ back in like 2012.
And for two years I just was falling
Jesus, learning more about it.
I've been getting more involved in church
and there came this point where I sense
that God was calling me to something more.
Now, again, this is something more
where I felt like it was full-time
ministry, but I had no clue what it was.
You know what I kept asking God, this.
God, if you'll give me the plan,
like if you'll lay out the plan,
I'll say yes, I'll say yes.
And you know what Jesus kept saying
back to me as I read his word,
if you show me your faith, I'll
show you the way I, I look at this
text and I see that call again.
Jesus was saying, just, just say yes, and
I will make you in into what you call me.
I remember the day I'm sitting in
this pew at the end of a revival and
I'm like, okay, God, I trust you.
Guys, I just started thinking,
you know, do you realize that I
could have said no, I could have
said I'm gonna wait for the plan.
I had no clue what would come,
but for somehow some stinking way,
I'm planning a church in Ohio.
I don't know how that would've
happened without a step of faith.
And I'll just tell you this.
When I stepped out there and told
people that I was running into
ministry, that was the first.
Many steps of faith for me personally,
in my call of following Jesus, because
there was a lot more that I had to say
yes to Jesus, that was sacrificial.
That was difficult.
And, and what I am not saying, and what
I'm not saying about these guys is that
every one of us is called to my calling.
What I am saying that every one of us
is called to be fishers of men, where
you are and where God is calling you.
What's stopping us.
Is it, is it the area where I was
struggling, where we want all the
plans figured out, or are we gonna
trust God and take his word that he
will make us into what we need to be?
And if he's going to make us, and if
we're going to follow following takes
consistency every day, pursuing him in
his word every day, asking the question,
God, who is it in my life that you placed
in my life today that I can change.
I know this.
That as a church God's
not done with us yet.
He's ready for each one of us to
take a next step in our faith.
So this story of the first disciples
fallen, Jesus really reminds us why
Jesus has called us to fulfill the
mission that he started so long ago.
This story reminds us of all the things
that God did for us to not just leave
us where we are, but to send us out.
Into our homes into our
community, into our neighborhoods.
You name it to go fulfill the mission,
to inspire hope, to help other people
discover relationship with Jesus so
that people can repent their sins.
They can surrender their
lives and experience what
God has given each one of us.
And my hope is that as they do
that, and as you give your life
to Jesus that we'll see more and
more people fulfill their purpose.
I, I, I I'm telling you, like, God is
just reminding me over and over again.
The future of God's kingdom to be
expanded in Hamilton and around the world
starts with each one of us in this room.
Each one of us.
I, I, what if I die tomorrow?
What if somebody else dies tomorrow?
What if, what if this
facility isn't here tomorrow?
Does the mission still go on?
It does how Jesus doesn't reside.
He didn't say he resides here.
He says he resides there
in you in the seats.
The mission will be accomplished.
If each one of us allows the
Jesus that lives inside of us,
go fulfill the mission by making
us into fishers of men and women.
I know this go to the fishing
analogy, the more poles that are put
in the water I've I've been fishing.
We put three in a lot.
Why?
Because you wanna put
different bait on there.
Number one, number two, you're thinking
three poles, more likely to catch a fish.
How many of us are putting
our poles out there?
And we're fishing for people.
God's inviting us to join these men
and inviting us to enjoy them and,
and, and join the mission that God's
called each one of us to fulfill today.
So where do we go from here?
What does it look like as
we, we finish up today?
How do each one of us take a
next step in our faith truth?
Be told.
I can't make that step for you.
And I can give you some examples, but
for some of you today, today is the
day where you stop putting it off.
You stop saying, I'm gonna give
my life to Christ down the road.
I stop you stop saying that you're
gonna not do whatever it is.
Put it on the list, whatever step
of faith that you aren't taking
today is the day to take it.
There's no better day
to take it than today.
You wanna know why.
It's this challenge that God has
placed from the moment that you leave
here until the next time I see you a
plan in place to fulfill the mission.
And by you taking that next step,
you can help fulfill the mission.
But what if you don't?
What if just like 10 or so years ago?
What if I didn't get outta the chair?
I wonder that all the time.
What if you don't get outta the chair and
take the next step that God's calling you?
Whose life will not be impacted
maybe your own to start with,
but maybe it's your neighbors.
Maybe it's your families.
I don't know, but I'll just challenge you.
This don't miss it.
Don't miss it.
So I'm gonna pray for us and we're
gonna have a time of invitation.
And so we have a time of invitation.
My challenge is for you
to give that to the Lord.
To ask the Lord this question, what is
it that I need to take a next step in?
If again, if it is to give your
life to Christ, how do you give
your life to Christ by repenting
of your sins, asking God to come
into your life and help change you?
That is scary.
Can I just say that that's scary sometimes
to just be public about your faith?
I get it.
I remember when I gave my life to
Christ, I was afraid to tell my family.
It just was.
but you don't have to be.
So today, maybe you need to give
your life to Christ and I encourage
you if you do, I'll be in the back.
If it's not during
invitation, it's right after.
I want to talk to you at the next steps
table, but whatever you do, please, during
this time invitation, ask the Lord what
it is the next step in following Jesus.
So let's pray, Lord Jesus.
We, uh, Lord just asked that you
open our hearts and minds Lord to
what you've taught us in this text.
Lord.
As I just am reminded Lord that you see
us right now in the condition we are
right now, Lord, there may even be people
in this room, Lord, because I get it.
There's people in this room that when
they're trying to think of the next
step, they may be thinking, I don't know.
So Lord, I pray that
you reveal that to them.
Lord, what that next step is.
Again, maybe it's given their life to you.
Maybe it's baptism.
Maybe it's becoming a
member of inspiring hope.
Maybe it.
Serve in their community more, maybe
it's to go tell a family member about who
Jesus is, maybe it's to, to pray and to
trust the Lord that prayer changes lives.
But Lord, I know you have not created
us and saved us to just stay where we
are and to not be a part of fulfilling
the mission that you gave your life to.
God help us as a church prioritize
following you, Lord, I don't wanna
be a church that does so many things.
Oh, and on the second side,
Lord, there's on the other.
Oh, we do follow Jesus too.
Lord.
I want us to be a church that follows you
completely in every single thing we do.
So Lord help us, help me as a
pastor, help me as a Christian.
Help me as a father.
Follow you better so that I can
be the lie to those around me.
May I lead by example for this church?
Gotta help us because we have
nowhere else to go for help.
So Lord, we just pray
this in your family name.
Amen.